week 1

Team has been formed with 5 person. 
A scrum master has been decided (Vandhana Visakamurthy). 
The project has been decided which is Reading Recommender System. 
Google file sharing has been created by Rong. 
I joined into Jira. 
I read through the project specifications and wrote down key points for our first meeting. 
We held our first meeting and decide our final deliverable would be a website. During the first meeting, we made clear about the definition of user stories and clarified the target users would be website users and website admins. 
We wrote down all possible user stories in Google doc. 
We mostly decide our first sprint which are register, login, create collection, add, remove books and search books. We decide using google cloud as server for our project.


week 2

I joined in the git repository and made the first commit of my work diary of week 1.
I created a README file.
I did research on different reading recommendation wesites like GoodReads, Riffle, LibraryThing, Libib, aNobii, BookBrowse and BookTrib to get a better understanding about those existing websites and gain insights on the problem scope.
I removed one duplicate user story.
I wrote the background part in proposal.
We decided our weekly meeting and everyday scrum meeting.

week 3

I planned to continue to write proposal and start the first sprint.
I wrote how project objectives are satisfied by user stories in proposal.
I setup the google cloud server and database.
I designed table Books and Collections.
I created table Users.
Me and Vandhana designed the storyboards.
Me and Vandhana drew ER diagrams.



week 4

I learned how to deploy django project on GCP through app engine.
I learned compute engine is better for our project.
I learned how to connect with database by django which is through django models.
I created books model and collection model.  
I learned how to import csv file into tables in database.
I tried to figure out the server problem.


week 5

I created a basic search page and made it work.
I created the "add book to collection" from the main page and search page and made it work.
I was assigned the work of reminding group members to learn Ajax.
I am learning Ajax in Django how to make a dynamic webpage.
I am trying to make an infinite scroll page.

week 6

I created pagination on main page and search page
I added showing recent added books in collection page
I learned how to delete collection by using Django and Ajax


week 7

I added "delete collection" and fixed the form resubmission when create a new collection and refresh the page.
I added "edit collection" into collection page so that readers can edit collection name and description.

week 8

I prepared several slides of our progressive demo B presentation.
We had our progressive demo B.
We had our retrospective B and I was assigned to clean our project code.
We started our final sprint and I was assigned to the work of setting the reading goal for our application.
I finished creating the goal model.

week 9

I implemented the tracking goal function and cleaned and formatted the code.
I fixed up a server error when searching for a non-exist book.
I reformatted the books in collections.
We had our progressive demo B.
We had our meeting about final report and final presentation.

