Week 1

1. Our group Fab 5 has been formed on Thursday's lab.
2. I have created my Jira and Github accounts and joined into our group.
3. We had a meeting on Saturday morning and discussed the user story and sprints. All of our group members are familiar with python, so we decide to use python to create our project.
4. Vandhana and Yilgom will do the back end, Yuehui or Rong will do the front end, and I will do the recommendation algorithm system.
5. We have decided to do the creating user accounts function, creating collection and add book to collections function, and searching books function as our first sprint.

Week 2
1. Determined the role of each member.
2. Organized two meetings on Saturday and Sunday to discuss the proposal.
3. Finished the architecture, story board, user stories and sprints part of the proposal.
4. Set a time for daily catch up -- 10 am

Week 3
1. We have finished the proposal of this project.
2. I have created the user login page.
3. I have created the user register page.
4. I have created the home page (need to add more features).

Week 4
1. I updated the html page for change password function.
2. I updated the html page for forget password function.
3. I updated the html page for reset password function.
4. Start to implement the search function for users.

Week 5
1. I added some features and updated the format of the search page (function).
2. I updated the home page to show the books' info instead of the users' info.
3. We prepared for the first demo, and I will present the first two user stories (register & login).
4. We had the retrospective meeting on Saturday, discussed what we learned and what we should improve.

Week 6
1. I created the user profile page for our website, user can have their page to display their user info and book collections.
2. I updated the account for the users that users will have three default collections (read, want to read, currently reading) when they register the account.
3. I updated the user page to display their recently read books and other users can access it.

Week 7
1. Fixed a bug that user cannot create duplicate collections under his/her account.
2. Learned view error function which can display errors in user page.

Week 8
1. Updated format of search result page to display the summary of books.
2. Presentation for Demo B on Thursday.
3. Had the retrospective meeting with group on Friday.

Week 9
1. I created the similar users field under the account model to record all similar users for the current user.
2. I wrote a function to calculate the similarity between all users (according to their gender and age) and will update automatically when there is a new register.
3. I added a section to display the similar users account on the user home page.
4. I wrote a view to display the books read by similar users on both home page and book page.

Week 10
1. For privacy reasons, I updated the user profile page to display the user's goal instead of user's personal info (gender, birthday).
2. We tested our website and fixed some bugs (page format, extreme case).
3. We had a meeting to discuss the final report and the presentation, and allocated tasks to each member.
4. We started to write our report and prepare the project presentation.